Bridge client (#138)
keepkey/python-keepkey: README.rst

  * sudo python3 setup.py sdist bdist_wheel bdist_egg
* Upload the release
  * sudo python3 -m twine upload dist/* -s --sign-with gpg2

KeepKey Bridge
==============
The KeepKey Bridge is a standalone TCP-to-webusb bridge the KeepKey. It runs a python-keepkey client

> based process that allows a local host-based process to communicate with the KeepKey wallet, thus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
based process that allows a localhost-based process to communicate with the KeepKey wallet, thus
```

The KeepKey Bridge is recommended only for advanced users who have problems connecting the KeepKey
on Windows.

Running the KeepKey Bridge
--------------------------
Download the KeepKey Bridge installer ``kkbsetup.exe`` for Windows in the release package here:

https://github.com/keepkey/python-keepkey/releases

Build for Windows
-----------------
Requirements:

- Windows 10
- python3
- waitress (python package)
- py2exe
- Inno Setup Compiler (optional, for creating Windows install exe)

From a command prompt terminal window, run
    ``python wbsetup.py py2exe -d windows/dist``

This will create a ``windows\dist`` folder with the Windows stand-alone executable file ``wait-serv.exe``

Inno Setup Compiler
-------------------
This tool builds and packages the executable for install on Windows. Build with the provided installer 
script (modify version, etc., as needed)

    ``windows/KeepKeyBridge.iss``

This will produce an executable install app

    ``windows/Output/kkbsetup.exe``

Running the KeepKey Bridge
--------------------------
When running the KeepKey Bridge, a blank cmd window with the title "KepKey Bridge" will be visible. 

> To stop the bridge, simply close the cmd window.

Reviewer 2: seems like this should this be combined with the earlier "Running the KeepKey Bridge section"

Author: Ha, this is why I need an editor. Fixed.
